[DOCS] Installing Application Guide (#5695)
ClanGenOfficial/clangen: docs/user-guides/tech-help/installing-uv.md

### Does UV work with Thonny?

No, it does not. Rather, it's mostly an issue with ClanGen and Thonny clashing rather than it is with UV refusing to work with Thonny. Thonny does not support every dependency ClanGen needs (so it requires you to install additional Thonny-exclusive environments), and frankly, sometimes that's just more work than necessary.

In short terms, no, we do not recommend using Thonny with ClanGen, but it can be possible.

### What should I install before attempting to install UV?

> First, you need ClanGen's source version of the game. This is essentially the developer version that gives you access to the game's core coding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you need ClanGen's source version of the game. This is essentially the developer version that gives you access to the game's source code.
```
